Make node management dynamic (#6352)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

      {
          "result": {
              "last_balance_save": 1572345881,
              "connected_nodes": {
                  "eth": ["nodeX", "nodeY"],
                  "optimism": ["nodeW", "nodeZ"],
                  "polygon_pos": ["nodeA", "nodeB"],
              },
              "last_data_upload_ts": 0
          }
          "message": ""
      }

   :resjson int last_balance_save: The last time (unix timestamp) at which balances were saved in the database.

>    :resjson object connected_nodes: A dictionary containing the chain id and a list of connected nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :resjson object connected_nodes: A dictionary containing the evm chain name and a list of connected nodes.
```
